cache: Do not raise error when there are no files to remove (#10459)
pypa/pip: news/10459.feature.rst

> Do not raise error when there are no files to remove with ``pip cache purge/remove``.
> Instead log a warning and continue (to log that we removed 0 files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the exit code of ``pip cache`` to zero, when there are no files to remove.
```
